Create Foreword section and move content from Welcome page (#2080)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/foreword/impact.md

It shines a light on broken academic system and represents a commitment to changing data science for the better.

We really appreciate any references that you make to _The Turing Way_ project in your work, and we hope it is useful.

## Impact Story

We provide an overview of the impact story featured by The Alan Turing Institute in 2020. 
Please read the full report online written by Sean O'Neil through an interview with the project lead, Kirstie Whitaker: [https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/impact-stories/changing-culture-data-science](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/impact-stories/changing-culture-data-science).

- There is a crisis of reproducibility  in science. 
- ‘Publish-or-perish’ incentives and excessive data secrecy stifles progress and wastes resources: siloed science is slow science. 
- _The Turing Way_ is an evolving online ‘handbook’ on how to conduct world-leading, reproducible research in academic data science and AI with the goal of making reproducible research “too easy not to do”.  
- The book deals not only with the ‘how’ of things, but also the ‘why’ – the ethos and long-term benefits of reproducible research.

> - _The Turing Way_ is also a flourishing global community of research engineers, data librarians, industry professionals and research experts dedicated to capturing and sharing research best-practise, tools and data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _The Turing Way_ is also a global community of research engineers, data librarians, industry professionals and research experts dedicated to capturing and sharing research best practices, tools and data for data science.  
```
